.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2005, 2012, 2013 International Business Machines
.\" Michael Strosaker <strosake@us.ibm.com>
.\"
.TH LOG_REPAIR_ACTION 8 "February 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
log_repair_action - create a log entry to indicate that a device was repaired
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/sbin/log_repair_action
.B \-l
.I location-code
.RB [ \-p
.IR procedure ]
.RB [ \-d
.IR date ]
.RB [ \-n
.IR note-string ]
.RB [ \-q ]
.br
.B /usr/sbin/log_repair_action
.B \-V
.br
.B /usr/sbin/log_repair_action
.B \-h
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIlog_repair_action\fR command creates an entry in the servicelog
database to 
indicate that the device at the specified location code has been repaired.
All events with the specified
location code and procedure in their callouts will be marked
closed (fixed).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-l \fIlocation-code \fR or \fB\-\-location="\fIlocation-code\fB"
Specify the location code of the device that was repaired.
.TP
\fB\-p \fIprocedure \fR or \fB\-\-procedure="\fIprocedure\fB"
Specify the repair procedure that was followed.
.TP
\fB\-d \fIdate \fRor \fB\-\-date="\fIdate\fB"
Specify the date and time when the device was repaired.
The date format can be anything recognized by the
.B \-d
option of the
.IR date (1)
command.
If not specified,
defaults to the current date/time.
.TP
\fB\-n \fInote-string \fRor \fB\-\-note="\fInote-string\fB"
Log the specified textual note as part of the repair action.
.TP
\fB\-q \fRor \fB\-\-quiet
Do not prompt for confirmation or print error messages.
.TP
.B \-h \fRor \fB\-\-help
Print a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-V \fRor \fB\-\-version
Display the version of the command and exit.
.P
To list the repair actions in the database,
use "servicelog \-\-repair_action=yes".
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Strosaker (strosake@austin.ibm.com)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR servicelog (8)
