.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2012, 2013 International Business Machines
.\"
.TH SERVICELOG_MANAGE 8 "February 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
servicelog_manage - perform management/maintenance operations on the
system servicelog
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_manage --status
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_manage --truncate \fR{\fBevents\fR|\fBnotify\fR} [\fB--force\fR]
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_manage --clean \fR[\fB--age=\fIdays\fR] [\fB--force\fR]
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_manage --help
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIservicelog_manage\fR command performs administrative
actions on the system servicelog.  It is used primarily to purge events,
repair actions, and notifications from the database.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-status
Display counts for each type of entry in the servicelog.  This is similar
to the information displayed by the
.BR servicelog (8)
command when it's invoked with no options.
.TP
\fB\-\-truncate \fR{\fBevents\fR|\fBnotify\fR}
Delete all events (including repair actions) or all notifications.  \fBWARNING:\fR Make sure you really
want to do this!
.TP
\fB\-\-clean
Purge older entries.  By default, the following events will be deleted:  all
repaired serviceable events, all repair actions older than 60 days, all
informational (non-serviceable) events older than 60 days, and all events
older than one year.  The 60-day period may be modified with the --age
option.
.TP
\fB\-\-age=\fIdays
Change the 60-day default for --clean to some other value, in days.
.TP
\fB\-\-force
Don't prompt the user for verification when the --truncate option
is used.  Use with caution!
.TP
\fB\-\-help
Display a help message.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Strosaker (strosake@austin.ibm.com) and Nathan
Fontenot (nfont@austin.ibm.com)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR servicelog (8)
.BR servicelog_notify (8)
.BR log_repair_action (8)
