.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2006, 2012, 2013 International Business Machines
.\"
.TH SERVICELOG_NOTIFY 8 "February 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
servicelog_notify - add, view, or remove tools to be notified when
events are logged in servicelog
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_notify --add \fR[\fIadd_options\fR]
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_notify --remove \fR {\fB--id\fR=\fIn\fR | \fB--command\fR=\fIcmd\fR}
\fB/usr/sbin/servicelog_notify --list\fR [\fB--id\fR=\fIn\fR | \fB--command\fR=\fIcmd\fR\]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIservicelog_notify\fR command allows the registration of tools which
will be invoked whenever events matching the specified parameters are logged
in the servicelog.  This command also allows registered notification tools
to be listed or removed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-l\fR or \fB\-\-list\fR
Lists registered notification tools.
By default, lists them all.
If
.B \-\-id
is specified, only the notification with that ID is listed.
If
.B \-\-command
is specified, all notifications that execute that command are listed.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR or \fB\-\-remove\fR
Removes the notification with ID=\fIn\fR, if
.B \-\-id
was specified, or all notifications that run the command specified by
.BR \-\-command .
.TP
\fB\-c \fIcmd\fR or \fB\-\-command=\fIcmd\fR
The command (including command-line options) to be invoked when a matching
event is logged.
.TP
\fB\-i \fIn\fR or \fB\-\-id=\fIn\fR
The ID number of the notification tool to be listed or removed.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR or \fB\-\-add\fR
Creates a new notification, specified by the
.BR \-\-match ,
.BR \-\-type ,
.BR \-\-command ,
and
.B \-\-method
options.
.TP
\fB\-m \fIquery_string\fB or \fB\-\-match=\fIquery_string\fR
A filter string used to determine whether a newly-logged event should cause
this notification tool to be invoked (for example, --match='serviceable=1'
to match only serviceable events).
See the "QUERY STRINGS" section in the
.IR servicelog (8)
man page for more information.
.TP
\fB\-\-type=EVENT \fRor \fB\-\-type=REPAIR\fR or \fB\-\-type=EVENT|REPAIR\fR
Specifies whether to notify of events or repair actions or both.
.B  \-t
is a synonym for
.BR \--type .
.TP
\fB\-\-method=\fR{\fBnum_stdin\fR|\fBnum_arg\fR|\fBtext_stdin\fR|\fBpairs_stdin\fR}
Indicates how data should be passed to the notification tool.
\fBnum_stdin\fR indicates that the ID of the new event will be passed to stdin.
\fBnum_arg\fR indicates that the ID will be passed as the last command-line argument.
\fBtext_stdin\fR indicates that verbose descriptive text will be passed to stdin.
\fBpairs_stdin\fR indicates that data from the new event will be passed
to stdin as parameter=value pairs, one per line.
.B \-M
is a synonym for
.BR \-\-method .
.TP
\fB\-h\fR or \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit.
.SH OLD SYNTAX
The above describes the command syntax accepted by v1.0
and later versions of
.BR servicelog_notify .
In v1.1, support for the following options was added
for backward compatibility with v0.2.9.
However, mixing v0.2.9 options with v1.x options may produce
unexpected results.
.TP
\fB\-\-severity=\fIsev\fR
.I sev
is a number from 1 to 7.
Equivalent to a \fBseverity>=\fIsev\fR clause in a
.B \-\-match
query-string.
.TP
\fB\-\-serviceable=\fR{\fByes\fR|\fBno\fR|\fBall\fR}
Equivalent to a
.B serviceable
clause in a
.B \-\-match
query-string (yes=1, no=0).
.TP
\fB\-\-type=\fIevent_type\fR[|\fIevent_type\fR...]
Equivalent to one or more
.B type
clauses in a
.B \-\-match
query-string.
Recognized
.I event_types
are: os (same as $OS in a query-string), ppc64_rtas ($RTAS),
ppc64_encl ($ENCLOSURE), and ppc64_bmc ($BMC).
.TP
\fB\-\-repair_action=\fR{\fByes\fR|\fBno\fR|\fBall\fR}
Equivalent to
.BR \-\-type=REPAIR ,
.BR \-\-type=EVENT ,
or
.BR \-\-type=EVENT|REPAIR ,
respectively.
.TP
\fB\-\-query\fR
Same as
.BR \-\-list ,
except that you must specify
.B \-\-id
or
.BR \-\-command .
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Strosaker (strosake@austin.ibm.com)
and Nathan Fontenot (nfont@austin.ibm.com).
v0.2.9 compatibility added by
Brad Peters and
Jim Keniston (jkenisto@us.ibm.com).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR servicelog (8),
.BR log_repair_action (8)
