.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2008, 2012, 2013 IBM
.\"
.TH SERVICELOG 8 "February 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
servicelog - query the contents of the servicelog
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB/usr/bin/servicelog \fR[\fIoptions\fR]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIservicelog\fR command queries and displays the contents of the
system servicelog.
You can use the
.B \-\-query
option to select which events to report.
.SH OPTIONS
When run without any command-line arguments, \fIservicelog\fR will report
statistics on the types of entries that have been logged to the database.
.TP
\fB\-\-dump\fR or \fB\-d
Report every event currently logged to the database.
.TP
\fB\-\-query=\fB"\fIquery-string\fB"\fR or \fB\-q "\fIquery-string\fB"
Specify the type of events to report.  See the "QUERY STRINGS" section.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR or \fB\-h
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR or \fB\-V
Display the version of the command and exit.
.SH QUERY STRINGS
Servicelog events are stored in a relational database.
When you specify
.BR \-\-query ,
.I query-string
is used in an SQL WHERE clause to select the events to report.
Here are the column names you can use in query strings.
.TP
id
record ID
.TP
time_logged, time_event, time_last_update
e.g., '2008-02-08 14:30:05'
.TP
type
an integer, or one of the following names: $BASIC (same as 0), $OS (1),
$RTAS (2), $ENCLOSURE (3), $BMC (4)
.TP
severity
an integer, or one of thew following names:
$FATAL (7), $ERROR (6), $ERROR_LOCAL (5), $WARNING (4), $EVENT (3),
$INFO (2), $DEBUG (1)
.TP
platform
processor type (text)
.TP
machine_serial
serial number (text)
.TP
machine_model
model number (text)
.TP
nodename
name of system reporting the event (text)
.TP
refcode
reference code (text)
.TP
description
(text)
.TP
serviceable
0 or 1
.TP
predictive
0 or 1
.TP
disposition
0 (Recoverable), 1 (Unrecoverable), or 2 (Unrecoverable, Bypassed)
.TP
call_home_status
0 (None Needed), 1 (Call Home Candidate), or 2 (Called Home)
.TP
closed
0 or 1
.TP
repair
numeric ID of repair action that close this event, or 0 if not closed
.\" .P
.\" The following column names can be used to select events with callouts:
.\" priority, procedure, location, fru, serial, and ccin (all text).
.P
The following column names can used to select OS-type events:
os.version, subsystem, driver, and device (all text).
.P
The following column names can be used to select RTAS-type events:
creator_id (text);
action_flags, platform_id, subsystem_id, pel_severity, rtas.event_type,
event_subtype, kernel_id, and addl_word1 through addl_word8 (all integers).
.P
The following column names can be used to select ENCLOSURE-type events:
enclosure_serial, enclosure_model (both text).
.P
The following column names can be used to select BMC-type events:
sel_id, sel_type, generator, bmc.version, sensor_type, sensor_number,
event_class, bmc.event_type, and direction (all integers).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
servicelog \-\-query='id=12'
prints the event with an ID of 12.
.TP
servicelog \-\-query='serviceable=1 AND closed=0'
prints all open (unfixed) serviceable events.
.TP
servicelog \-q 'severity>=$WARNING AND closed=0'
prints all open events with a sev of WARNING or greater.
.TP
servicelog \-q "time_event>'2008-02-08'"
prints all events that occurred after Feb 8, 2008.
.SH OLD SYNTAX
This man page describes the command syntax accepted by v1.0
and later of
.BR servicelog .
In v1.1, backward compatibility with v0.2.9 was added.
If
.B servicelog
recognizes v0.2.9 command-line options, it will exec the v0.2.9
version of the command.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by 
Michael Strosaker (strosake@austin.ibm.com),
Nathan Fontenot (nfont@austin.ibm.com),
Jim Keniston (jkenisto@us.ibm.com),
Brad Peters

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR servicelog_manage (8)
.BR servicelog_notify (8)
.BR log_repair_action (8)
